Breaking news,
reports are coming in
from all over the city
of widespread destruction.
It appears
that Thomas Light's robotic
reinforcements have failed to stop
his own rampaging machines.
This doesn't make any sense, Rock.
Wily's turned Metal Man.
I swore the safety protocols, but...
Oh, never mind.
Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org
We have to try something else.
I'm ready. How can I help?
Open Bay Six.
Bomb Man? Dr. Light...
I know. But he's powerful enough
to stop the others.
Powerful enough to save Mega City.
Maybe this will shield him
from outside signals,
keep Wily from infecting
his cognitive circuit, like the others.
It'll work.
He's our last line of defense.
Maybe not the last.
I could fight.
Y-You could what?
I can go out there and fight them.
Rock.
- I made you because I needed...
- Help!
You made me to help.
- Let me help.
- In the lab, Rock.
Not out there. I mean,
against something this size?
I'm not letting you
throw your life away.
Dr. Light!
Hey, look out!
- Yah!
- Wh...
He's one of Wily's and it's going
for the cerebral controllers.
Ah!
Run, Rock!
Run!
Sorry.
Rock!
No!
Dr. Light!
I'm sorry...
I'm here, Rock.
- Are you okay, Doc?
- Yeah.
I'm sorry. Doc...
I'm s...
Oh!
Rock!
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
- No.
- You tried to tell me,
- I wasn't...
- Stop.
Rock...
What you just did was amazing.
I was wrong.
It doesn't matter what I made you for.
This is what you were meant for.
Hey.
Kid.